hey everybody back in the spring i did a
video about my personal favorite top 20
names and some of my name's have
switched out and been switched around
since then so i wanted to do an updated
video but i wanted to do something
different instead of listing my 10
favorite names for each gender I wanted
to do 5 combinations for each gender a
first in the middle name because
ultimately that's what my top 10 is
their combinations so for the boys my
number 5 name is Abel Simeon I love Abel
semi enables a celebrity baby name now
which makes it so much cooler mm-hmm and
the simian is a family name and I love
how it means a breath to be heard at
just I love it it's like to me a breath
to be heard means that this Abel Simeon
would be finding his voice I just love
that number 4 is Truman Jericho I
recently fell in love with a name Truman
I love the nickname true but Jericho
hasn't left my list that hasn't changed
out and I love how it means faithful man
in a land of fragrance I recently did a
lot of research in the name Jericho and
found out that actually has two meanings
it means city of the moon but also means
land of fragrance which I really really
love and to meet room and Jericho just
has a great ring to it number three are
two names that are new to my list and
that's champlin Moses I love love this
combination so much champlin is actually
a family name for me and it means
champion born of God which I mean you
can't really get a greater meaning than
that I just love it I love it I could
calm champ for short number two is Salem
Jasper this was also my number two last
time so it hasn't changed I love how it
means peace treasurer I just I think of
the scripture blessed are the
peacemakers that's what i get when i see
salem jasper and my number one is still
the same I still absolutely love that
that's Silas Landon it means man of the
forest from the long hill which to me
just I love it just cracks me up it's
just a crazy meaning i love it and it to
me it's just a very outdoorsy man named
Silas Landon my number five girls name
both are new and that's kasha Mattie Mae
Mattie Mae is a family name and kasha is
a Polish name and I just love its
meaning it means pure pearl of a lady I
just love the meaning number four is
tecla violet tekla is a Polish name and
violet was on my list last time and as
much as I thought that I wasn't in love
with it anymore it just would not leave
my list so I said fine I love you enough
to leave you so Tucker violet means
glory of God and a flower which i think
is really really cute number three is
juniper ellowyne juniper is new l1 is
not and it means youth producing elm
tree which to me is just I think of the
tree of life just ever blooming and I
really really love this name I love how
you can use a nickname June for juniper
number two is Blythe philomena blind is
not new but forming it is i recently
fell in love with it I just I'm not
brave enough to use Philomena as a first
name but I think it makes such a great
middle name and body Philomena to me
just has a great ring to it it's just so
unexpected and I love how it means happy
strong friend and my number one are both
two brand new names to my list that i
love i love this for a long time and
that's rebook one reeva is probably
totally unexpected to you guys but I
know a great great older lady named riva
and she is just such a blessing to me
and she means so much so
named reeva and deers me to it all the
more and gwen i've always loved and I
loved how Riva Gwen means maiden of a
blessed ring it's just to me the meaning
means just a pure pure woman who is
loyal and faithful I just love it I just
love the name Riva so these are my
updated names please feel free to
comment I'd love to hear your feedback
and i'll see you in the next video bye